Justin’s iPhone: We're only a mile away from the lake.
Justin’s iPhone: Right on the lake.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so could you please state your name and your date of birth, please.
Justin’s iPhone: Also
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, can you please state your name and your data for me.
Justin’s iPhone: Justin Romero 114 82
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. So what I'm going to do today, I'm going to interview you and identify what works for you. And what does not work for you in your, you know, everyday activities and your mental health spiritual health and
Jocelyn Corrales: We're going to make a plan also. So what we're going to do with the rap lead, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: It's a plan for improving the quality of your life. So it's a plan. It's a, you know, it's a work in progress. So every 30 days. I'm going to visit you in going to meet you to check on you if you're. How are you doing, if you're doing better.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or not enough are going to make some adjustments again read your plan. So with regards to what's working well for you, you know, let's start with your activities of daily living. So when you say activities of daily
Jocelyn Corrales: Living. It includes your
Jocelyn Corrales: Waking up
Jocelyn Corrales: In the morning brushing your teeth able to shower able to eat on time putting on clothes sleeping being active like exercising managing pain if you have pain, so can you please
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so every more about it.
Justin’s iPhone: So I wake up in the morning and I take some Suboxone and some medicine for my back in my hand, or else I have a real hard time walking and then I take a hot shower.
Justin’s iPhone: And then from there I go ahead and I brush my teeth get ready for the day. And that's about 430 in the morning and then I take the dogs running
Justin’s iPhone: And I take him running about anywhere from a mile to three miles a day.
Justin’s iPhone: And then after I finished running, then we come back to the house and
Justin’s iPhone: And I get ready for work or whatever. I'm going to do that day and I go knock that out. And then while I'm at work.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm pretty much just outselling right now because you know the coronavirus and stuff so
Justin’s iPhone: Once I'm done once I'm done with my day I come back to the house and I do my appointments. I have and then me
Justin’s iPhone: Watch a movie. And then we we do our David prayers and then we're
Justin’s iPhone: Not sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you cook or your wife. Cool.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, my wife usually cooks.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you mentioned that you wake up as early as 430 to get your day going so you wake up as early as 430
Jocelyn Corrales: Take your medication. Take a shower and after Dad. Take the dogs running. So it's like your exercise at the same time.
Justin’s iPhone: Early morning. No.
Justin’s iPhone: No, they Chase. Chase. Chase my truck due to my
Justin’s iPhone: Body.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. So you're driving and they're chasing I thought you're doing doing back a safe.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I was like, well, he's doing.
Justin’s iPhone: No, no, I do like stretches with my wife I my background now and then once I get another injection. I think I should be good enough to go ahead and start, you know, being able to go workout again at the gym.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or any and drugs.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're doing stretching exercise.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good start.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, I used to be in really good shape. And then I just thought I got injured and I haven't been able to really go back to the gym. Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I know. And right now, you're doing just simple stretching and basic exercise because of your back injuries. Right.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, my back Your hand.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Oh, you also have an eight head injury.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, like that. It's got my proximity row on my, on my wrist and when they took that those three bones out those three bones came out in two pieces.
Justin’s iPhone: Uh huh. And then my my lower back need they want to fuse L seven to 11
Uh huh.
Justin’s iPhone: So narrow, there's
Justin’s iPhone: A real battle.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, so
Justin’s iPhone: So you're still still
Justin’s iPhone: Getting better. Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, they had, they just had it fused or you're still do for
Jocelyn Corrales: Mac, PC.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, sorry, just a healing now.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you doing physical therapy.
Justin’s iPhone: No, not right now because nothing's really open that's
Justin’s iPhone: My last Gretchen with me at the house.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. At least you're still doing you know the basic things at home, you know, just to keep it going.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to mental stress and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Stress management or mood regulation. How do you handle stresses you know the basic stresses of your life. How do you handle it.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm actually a really quiet person I don't talk
Jocelyn Corrales: Much
Justin’s iPhone: And so when I get angry. Like, it's usually by action, not like forcefully or
Justin’s iPhone: Like if
Justin’s iPhone: Somebody but like I just I just get aggressive when I'm doing something and then I just like
Justin’s iPhone: And then sometimes when I'm real man. I take it out insects.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: And that's about it.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: So, uh, here a very quiet person. So when you're angry. You usually are. When you're not
Jocelyn Corrales: In the Mood, you usually do it through actions.
Jocelyn Corrales: But not you know just
Justin’s iPhone: Now,
Physical
Justin’s iPhone: But, but, like in action, like, you know, I just get real mad when I'm moving stuff around it and then like, or I take it on a sec. So it's either one of those
Justin’s iPhone: And then I've been. I've been praying to the helps to but whenever I get angry. It's usually those three things.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your wife is not complaining or so.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's fine, as long as it's not complaining.
Justin’s iPhone: It's been a great 12 years
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good you do you have kids.
Justin’s iPhone: No, I have two stepchildren
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: Dogs are my children.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine.
Justin’s iPhone: That's why did you see the Rottweiler in the hole in here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I see the two dogs out there and they're also boy, they were
Justin’s iPhone: Really sad right there. Sofia, Sofia.
Justin’s iPhone: Say,
Justin’s iPhone: Can make it. No, no, don't sit on my lap.
Justin’s iPhone: Those are, those are my babies. Watch.
Justin’s iPhone: And then
Justin’s iPhone: That Sophia
Justin’s iPhone: Oh yeah Rottweiler and a pimple.
Oh,
Justin’s iPhone: So, and then, you know, they, they're like my best friends, besides my wife. Usually that's about all the people are hanging out with
Justin’s iPhone: And then I talked to, I mean, I talked to my step daughter and my son a lot, but I don't talk to him. Like I hang out with those three people all the time. I mean, I love my parents. My parents have been great. And, and I had talked to them, but I don't mean I'm just mostly to myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so do you consider yourself spiritual
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you into something or are you into really just sec
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, we go to church. When we came
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you're a Christian.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your you and your wife. Are you active a church.
Justin’s iPhone: When we go yeah we try to help out as much as we can. We're now that we move back to New Mexico from Texas. We got to find a new church over here.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And right currently right now, you know, since you're not, you know, allowed to go out that much. You could actually attend online services.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: At church and you pray every day. Right. You mentioned that you pre
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, we pray every night.
Jocelyn Corrales: And mostly your problem is most
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, yes, it's been
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good relationship with your wife.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah. She's my best friend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's get to here in going strong. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And just moving to your new home.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, we're gonna go and buy a boat in two weeks.
Jocelyn Corrales: Wow. Wow.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's your home is just near a lake.
Justin’s iPhone: Was not even a mile.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Not that far away.
Justin’s iPhone: With like three or four mile to the lake.
Justin’s iPhone: So you can from my backyard. You can like
Jocelyn Corrales: Whoa, this good and you're going to buy a boat, just for that lake.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Wow, that's nice.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could
Jocelyn Corrales: You could take a picture and you know, show me later on when you when you see each other.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. That's good to hear. And you are in contact with your parents.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have a good relationship with your parents.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so far, you don't have any but you have a lot, you have friends also
Justin’s iPhone: You know,
Justin’s iPhone: My dog.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you
Justin’s iPhone: Have a couple people I consider like that may be friends. But really, I've known them oftentimes like born
Justin’s iPhone: Like me and my friend madill I don't even
Jocelyn Corrales: Have your best friend.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes, my brother. He's like, my brother, like I've known we're two days apart. We were in the
Justin’s iPhone: Hospital together.
Justin’s iPhone: live right next to each other.
Justin’s iPhone: For for
Jocelyn Corrales: All the believers.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, and so me and him have been best friends for almost 40 years now.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Justin’s iPhone: So I don't even consider him like I consider them family.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And then you can maybe in the new community could start you know making out new friends to some of your neighbors. If they're not
Justin’s iPhone: Good.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't like really doing that because I do want a pest control company down here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Justin’s iPhone: And then plus when we moved from Texas, we were working in the oil field. So we had a lot of money stockpiled for this. And so like we we had about almost 100,000 saved.
Justin’s iPhone: And that's why we bought the house.
Justin’s iPhone: Now we're about to buy a boat.
Justin’s iPhone: And then we had saved, we saved 50,000 of that for
Justin’s iPhone: For going to the tax auctions here because you can buy a house. You can buy a house for like $40,000 here.
Justin’s iPhone: Fix it up and sell it for like 400
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh ok so that's
Jocelyn Corrales: So that's what you're planning probably buy a house, fix it up and sell it again.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah well keep on doing that. Plus, I have a lot of money in stock.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you mentioned that you're actually working but
Jocelyn Corrales: Currently, right.
Justin’s iPhone: Now really, I mean, I go over there and I held my parents out like
Jocelyn Corrales: It's really tough. I believe
Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, but right now we can't really do anything.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's currently closed right now because of the coffee, the pandemic.
Justin’s iPhone: Well, we're not really closed. We're just doing emergencies, because we want
Justin’s iPhone: To do our part.
Jocelyn Corrales: We're trying to do our part for
Justin’s iPhone: Everybody by not going to be
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay not totally closed but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: In cases of emergency steal the render service.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what's only not working for you is that you know you're unable to do
Justin’s iPhone: Work, you
Jocelyn Corrales: Did excellent yes region exercise.
Justin’s iPhone: Did I pick him on Bob Bowflex I'm gonna go back Bowflex
Uh huh.
Justin’s iPhone: And just try doing real small
Jocelyn Corrales: When did you just had your surgery.
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, I've done them. I didn't like about six, six months to a year ago and some
Justin’s iPhone: Hockey, but they just had me heal properly.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Yes, I know. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're trying to start, you know, okay, men.
Justin’s iPhone: Never
Jocelyn Corrales: back surgeries never perfect. Yeah. And it actually takes time to heal and, you know, six months is, you know, not enough for it to heal to fully heal.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why you still need to do some stretching and I think you're doing a good
Job.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: So that's why if you see me moving my head and I look like I'm being bored.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm not it's I'm trying to keep my backstory.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So, that is, don't be painful.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, so don't hurt. So don't think I'm doing that to be rude. A model.
Jocelyn Corrales: No, it's okay, I understand its lucky. So I've also included here you buy, you buy house and immortal if are you for rubbish it
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: We're about to when the government opens back up the tool we save money for, that's what we're planning on doing
Justin’s iPhone: But it's cash up front. So if you don't have cash, you can buy it.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: So we've got like 50 grand to go ahead and do what we want to do.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you the one who is managing your finances or is your wife doing it for you.
Justin’s iPhone: We both do it together.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: I don't do that. Good on communicating everything, but we do it together.
Jocelyn Corrales: Including your builds men.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's good that you wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's check in and do you sleep early also
Justin’s iPhone: Know I stay up until like around 10 3011 I don't sleep much in my bag.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, sleeps.
Jocelyn Corrales: At
Justin’s iPhone: Let's look at bags under my eyes. Sometimes just remember, I probably asleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you sleep at around nine or 10 any you
Justin’s iPhone: Know like I fall asleep, like around 11 can
Justin’s iPhone: And then like a roll and I roll around until like around 430
Justin’s iPhone: And I get up.
Justin’s iPhone: And I started my day. But usually I never sleep straight through.
Justin’s iPhone: And then the days were
Justin’s iPhone: Tired and I do sleep has 430 like my wife lets me sleep.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you should sleep more because you know you sleep, sleep and you wake up very early in the morning.
Justin’s iPhone: You're
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing a good
Jocelyn Corrales: Job let you sleep in a little more, you know,
Justin’s iPhone: A little later. But I've tried to go better and that doesn't do anything either.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Justin’s iPhone: I just tossing around in bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, have you tried. What time do you usually do your stretching exercise.
Justin’s iPhone: I do them in the morning because I have a hard time moving in the morning. So after I take my medicine and I take
Justin’s iPhone: A hot shower and I get back from running the dogs.
Justin’s iPhone: Is when we started trying to stretch my body.
Jocelyn Corrales: Is it going to be is it going to be very painful for you if you're doing it at night before you just before you go to bed. You know, you do stretching in the morning and you do another stretching at night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before going to bed.
Justin’s iPhone: I'll try it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just not too strenuous I think you've been doing that stretching. I think every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: But only in the morning. You could also do it at the same time. So since you've been doing it already in the morning, you could instead of doing it just once a day, you could do it once in the morning in once before bedtime.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, so that you could, you know, I, I'm kind of worried because you sleep is, you mentioned you sleep at around 10 or 11 in the evening, and you wake up so early in the morning in, you know, I think, you know, you maybe lack some sleep.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know I
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're still active. So, you know, so that you would have a better sleep, you know, a good rest. Try sleeping earlier. Maybe you could do some stretching
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you go to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's continue on with your stretching every morning.
Justin’s iPhone: Alright, that sounds like I'll try it out. I'll see how
Jocelyn Corrales: How many minutes do you do your stretching exercise.
Justin’s iPhone: Go back 2030 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: Listening to Music
Jocelyn Corrales: Before going to
Justin’s iPhone: Realize it's not quite. It's not quite, I can't see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Have you tried relaxation techniques for the pain.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, I've done good physical therapy they showed me some stuff and I tried to do that too.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I think you should continue on with your relaxation techniques specially for the pain.
Jocelyn Corrales: And to relax also
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: What are what are your usual activities, you know, do you do gardening or artist have at home.
Justin’s iPhone: I do some gardening.
Justin’s iPhone: Oh, does
Justin’s iPhone: Have a lot of plants. I have a lot of plants and then
Justin’s iPhone: Whatever the wife tells me to do.
Justin’s iPhone: And some chores, usually, usually on the weekend. I try to cook my mouth, I don't ever cook or during the weekend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay, that's good. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's try to including the plan to sleep a bit earlier. So instead of sleeping at around 1011 maybe we could do nine to 10 instead of 10 to 11 let's do a piece in our earlier.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'll try it. Yes, let's do this slowly that, you know, let's do this. Gradually not immediately so that you you have time to adjust. So sleep at around
Jocelyn Corrales: Nine.
Jocelyn Corrales: To 10am a PM. I mean, instead of sleeping at around 10 to 11am
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nice in our earlier.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have other hobbies like playing music
Justin’s iPhone: And hang out my dogs.
Justin’s iPhone: They come running, I take him take him take him swimming to the lake, the fools.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh.
Justin’s iPhone: We have a fun time. We do a lot of. We do a lot of activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you able to do some swimming yourself.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah I go swimming
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's, it's not painful for you. It's okay. Doing swimming
Justin’s iPhone: No helps you
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good. That's also a form of exercise.
Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: Maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: This just do it you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Slowly, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so if I think you're able to eat on time because you wake up early.
Justin’s iPhone: And now you like through a three meals and then I snack. A couple more things every day.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine snacking swine, as long as you're eating healthy stuff or healthy food.
Jocelyn Corrales: Advice to eat.
Healthy
Jocelyn Corrales: food and snacks. So try avoiding junk foods, just in case.
Jocelyn Corrales: Gardening chores swimming
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'll just edit this later. And I'll show you my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while,
Jocelyn Corrales: So that you get to see whatever least here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I placed even here what's working for you. What's not working for you. I think with your. The only problem that you have is your wrist in your back what particular risk.
Justin’s iPhone: Is my right wrist.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, but you're still able to write a currency. Right.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, this is again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay but but having a hard time writing still but
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able to move it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And right race.
Jocelyn Corrales: Number is it Bloomberg fusion.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mentioned L available.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think with regards to your mental health. You mentioned that you're angry at times, but you have your ways of managing it maybe try some, you know, deep breathing exercise when you feel very angry.
Justin’s iPhone: Okay.
Justin’s iPhone: Deep breathing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, deep breathing exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know when you you when you feel angry and you do you think you're angry. What you're going to do is you're close your eyes, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: And do breathing and count 123 then inhale.
Jocelyn Corrales: Exhale, then count again.
Jocelyn Corrales: 123 and he'll
Jocelyn Corrales: Until you know you are able to manage it. Because when you act on it. You know, sometimes she could hurt. Some people though, you mentioned you're not into punching people are doing things, but sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: People could feel that you're angry because you know
Jocelyn Corrales: You're stomping or you know you you would make everyone aware that you're angry. So try to do some deep breathing exercise when you're hungry. So try to close your eyes and thing and read
Jocelyn Corrales: And read and out
Jocelyn Corrales: Revealing and breathe out so that you know you could relax your mind. You know, you could a case ease out your anger.
Jocelyn Corrales: At this, you're not. That's an angry that much.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Back to our people.
Yeah.
Justin’s iPhone: I'm okay. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I think you're doing good.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, if you're not if you're not doing good here. Maybe your wife could have left you a long time ago. But, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you're doing good.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to spiritual self you you go to church, but not always right.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah, well, I can't, right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes, but you could try attending online.
Services.
Jocelyn Corrales: They usually have that right, especially now know there are a lot of online services because you know the current pandemic. So what the Church does is that they do.
Jocelyn Corrales: Online, you know, online live. I think a video live video about their services so that other people can see it or view it. So, you know, people could go to church, but even if they are at home, they can they can worship and he could pray
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your social relationship. You're not. You're not into, you know, talking to
Jocelyn Corrales: Many of your neighbors. That's fine. It's okay.
Because
Jocelyn Corrales: It's you just feel it's not like you. It's okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe just try to, you know, just try to communicate with your old friends, the one that you have already
Justin’s iPhone: Maybe tried to get
Jocelyn Corrales: In touch with them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, old friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe if you're you already have your church you found your new church.
Jocelyn Corrales: In the area that you are now. Maybe you could
Jocelyn Corrales: Find some friends there, you know, a church.
Justin’s iPhone: Of course, you have to of course you have to interact with
Jocelyn Corrales: Those people when you were at church so take to be friendly when you're at church.
Justin’s iPhone: Or
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you don't have any problems with
Financial
Jocelyn Corrales: Just going to edit this later. I'm just putting on some information that I know what to put it later.
Or
Jocelyn Corrales: Trick
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and I have written here, you wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early in the morning, I think, I don't have anything to do that to do with that. To adjust it. I think that's good, you're waking up early, maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're eating, you mentioned you're able to eat three times a day and snacks. My advice is just try to eat healthy food and snacks and
Jocelyn Corrales: Read your ad else continue on with your exercise in the morning, but instead of doing it once a day that you do it twice a day, once in the morning and another stretching exercise before going to sleep so that you know let's see if it works for you and
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: If it's too painful for you at night, try to do some relaxation techniques to reduce the pain. Actually, the breathing technique. There's not only work when you are mad or angry, but it also works in trying to relax.
Justin’s iPhone: So you can do the same technique.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know the breathing or the box they term it as box breathing technique to reduce the pain and
Jocelyn Corrales: Have
A relaxed mind.
Jocelyn Corrales: And productivity continue on with your gardening do some chores and
Jocelyn Corrales: You go swimming
Justin’s iPhone: And
And exercise.
Jocelyn Corrales: When tolerable when it is tolerable.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and sleep early at around
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleep earlier at there are nine to 10 nine to 10pm.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK. And I'm going to check on you.
Jocelyn Corrales: After 30 days around, same time
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, just like the usual I'm going to shoot you a text.
Jocelyn Corrales: But I'm going to call you if I'm going to schedule you for a meeting again.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay and family and you have a good relationship with your step children right. Is it the step daughter or
Justin’s iPhone: Both
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, a son and a daughter.
Justin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your family scope creep. You don't need to add more children.
Justin’s iPhone: Dogs.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you have dogs.
Jocelyn Corrales: And they love y'all, so your stepchildren
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay. That's good to hear.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's let me see if you're able to sign this one. Let me save it first.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'll just edit this later. And I'm going to send you a copy after I have edited this
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while it's taking a while to say, oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's weird. It was saving earlier it was
Jocelyn Corrales: It was fast.
Justin’s iPhone: Is fast.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and it's supposed to be saving fast because I would know if the internet connection is slow because I i would be cutting out in, zoom, but you know our Zoom is perfectly fine. So probably it's the polls.
Doing this
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, technology.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, who said, eating this.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just do okay let me share this do a new share
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I can see the box now and let me see. Oh, I cannot give you the
Can I
Jocelyn Corrales: Know you can because I don't have a share or sign motorbikes five it's okay so
Jocelyn Corrales: That sign
Jocelyn Corrales: Is that actually required this, you're not actually required to sign it, but it's also good if you're able to sign it, but if not his final so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So, okay, that's fine. Thank you. Just stay in. It was great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Yes.
Justin’s iPhone: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: You to NBC. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Bye.